Add a not_ validator (#1010)
python-attrs/attrs: changelog.d/1010.change.rst

> Added ``attr.validators.not_()`` to logically invert a validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``attrs.validators.not_(wrapped_validator)`` to logically invert *wrapped_validator* by accepting only values where *wrapped_validator* raises a ``ValueError`` or a ``TypeError``.
```
